I'm with you today, today I'm with you
here to record a video for you who
protect people from the
christmas but I'll explain to you
Good people at my grandmother's house have work
They're building their uncle's house.
my aunt and so I had already received
this gift but only that I could not
record because I had lost
I already lost the little box in the box.
thence until there is that which cares
give the little baby legal
She thought to me then thank you there.
She is a saint.
Good. I'll show you people.
Her name roselita vexation she says
when it was because she could not speak
but I'm finally going to show you
For you, this gift, good people, is here.
saw me this gift was the star and
so this one they sent me with
who suffered the princesses
people that here is very good is that it is a
foot box had to have written
because about the princesses and inside
have to either surprise the
princesses people look how amazing that
they sent me they sent me what
Surprises young people as key surprises
of princesses that have to be equal people
They came from what Christmas is, people.
only in the happy Christmas campaign
enter the note there it comes written
so you talk tello you just received
the new collection with which surprise
experiences already advance that soon
will be at Christmas in stores that the universe
tony islay your christmas
even more magical merry christmas and good
parties
nor that the stars look cute people
he made me laugh or me
kiss star half serious present
good people here I'll show you
My mission today is to show you
urgent mission tone semi jewels i will
Show you guys, sorry what teams are coming.
of several princesses and I'll start with
bad with this hurry it's hot, you think it's crazy
to go out because she dodô cooks a box
she
but look at us or take it to that
show you
Look, people, she's not fit.
I 'm too lazy to fit
I was not able to, but people.
It's incredible and if people look, it's just
very cool, opening you here
find the little princess and what will be your
Princess
Let's see, this closure I already know.
very easy is thus in it the wario which
beautiful people in a plastic cinderella
whistle ac I have to take but look
People who are still beautiful, beautiful I loved
Just look at it and smell it in
vanilla cushion garden is a delight and
people in the packaging zinha have been talking to
the princess think in the case is the
cinderella even though this experience is
Beautiful, I'm going to leave the dem in my
room
I was just letting her in because
I needed to record a video for you more.
I'm here today to show you the first
princess is the one that is the cinderella profile
vanilla
the second princess I want to open
This is the one who is the one here.
and here is black is brown with cosa we
open and see who the princess is
This is where people worship.
aurora da aurora
and look that the son we're going to open lets
open to see how it is aurora
Urgently beautiful that she looks only this
she's beautiful, I love aurora the bike
I saw everyone enjoy the white of
snow but looks dawn is beautiful with a
shido pink for a plastic and she also
has a scent of courage I think everyone
filled with vanilla, people look at
amazing she is beautiful has blonde hair
incredible, I just have to arrive now
this bass here or in her face
but anyway so far has two little princesses
cinderella and aurora
Now I'll show you from here this is
What is the beauty of the beautiful and the beast?
orange with yellow looks cute
work your knee
Guys, I was just able to open the
balance
Let's see how beautiful the tears are.
Who do you look at this dress?
Look at this beautiful dress.
Oh my god, it's very handsome.
Look, this is beautiful people, he looks.
What a beautiful incredible people, this doll
very beautiful also the new model all
The princesses but he is preferred is the
snow white as everyone already knows
Look, people look really beautiful all over.
cacheadinho agassi this very doll
cute
until now three princesses and only one
Let's open the last one and I will not even see which one.
It's up to her, okay? Let's open a surprise.
hot
chin chin Warrant Officer'm in Macae is
one a termite in the wonderful chile around the
People look how beautiful the snow white is.
Hey, people look how beautiful.
Look how beautiful this way the way
that you can not even give Joseph products
future is just to pull I was here to have
everything complained of the track is just pull the
doll is that he is not snow white
people was the destination because I already spoke
The whole time I liked the webjet
I do not know what, I do not know what happened.
then the last thought I had not even white
snow but look here princess people
different great thanks star
fucking on all the hot campers all
all the ways people will not go
continue to everyone but look I loved
Thank you very much for this gift.
I hope you enjoyed right people
because I took a lot for this video
But he looks very cute people.
I hope you have enjoyed it if I
I think you liked let me liked
do not forget to sign up for the channel
down here he liked it here
underneath and enjoy all social networks
that will always be here below
video a kiss and until the next video of
high
It's cool